README.md, before:

Production CI: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms)

Develop CI: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms)


[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms.png?label=ready)](https://waffle.io/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms)
# REFUGE restrooms

Providing safe restroom access to transgender, intersex, and gender nonconforming individuals.

REFUGE is an effort to fill the void left by the now-defunct Safe2Pee website. It provides a free resource to trans\* and queer individuals in need of gender neutral and other safe restrooms.

This project is open source. Feel free to contribute. We could use the help.

## Deployed Environments
Production: [Link](http://www.refugerestrooms.org)

Staging: [Link](http://staging.refugerestrooms.org)

## Contributing

Changes to the site can be tested locally before deploying to the web. To get set up to edit the site and test your changes, see [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](https://github.com/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Tech

* Ruby Version - ruby-2.3.0
* Ruby on Rails
* RSpec
* Javascript
* HTML / SASS
* Postgres
* Geocoder Gem
* Google Maps API
* Twitter Bootstrap Framework
* Deployed on Heroku

## Links to Refuge project on other platforms

- [SMS messaging Twilio Application](https://github.com/RefugeRestrooms/refugerest_sms)
- [Android Native Application](https://github.com/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms-android)
- [iOS Native Application](https://github.com/RefugeRestrooms/refuge-ios)
- [Yo Application](https://github.com/raptortech-js/YoRestrooms)

## Slack

If you want to join the Refuge Restrooms Slack channel, please email refugerestrooms@gmail.com for an invite.

## License

Copyright (C) 2014–2017 Teagan Widmer and contributors

This program is free software; you can redistribute and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

REAMDE.md: Add link to the Wiki
Rephrases sentence about CONTRIBUTING.md as well.

README.md, after:

Production CI: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms)

Develop CI: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms)


[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms.png?label=ready)](https://waffle.io/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms)
# REFUGE restrooms

Providing safe restroom access to transgender, intersex, and gender nonconforming individuals.

REFUGE is an effort to fill the void left by the now-defunct Safe2Pee website. It provides a free resource to trans\* and queer individuals in need of gender neutral and other safe restrooms.

This project is open source. Feel free to contribute. We could use the help.

## Deployed Environments
Production: [Link](http://www.refugerestrooms.org)

Staging: [Link](http://staging.refugerestrooms.org)

## Contributing

For more information on how to contribute to Refuge Restrooms, or how the technology works, see the [Wiki](https://github.com/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms/wiki).

To test your changes to Refuge Restrooms before before deploying them to the web, see [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](https://github.com/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Tech

* Ruby Version - ruby-2.3.0
* Ruby on Rails
* RSpec
* Javascript
* HTML / SASS
* Postgres
* Geocoder Gem
* Google Maps API
* Twitter Bootstrap Framework
* Deployed on Heroku

## Links to Refuge project on other platforms

- [SMS messaging Twilio Application](https://github.com/RefugeRestrooms/refugerest_sms)
- [Android Native Application](https://github.com/RefugeRestrooms/refugerestrooms-android)
- [iOS Native Application](https://github.com/RefugeRestrooms/refuge-ios)
- [Yo Application](https://github.com/raptortech-js/YoRestrooms)

## Slack

If you want to join the Refuge Restrooms Slack channel, please email refugerestrooms@gmail.com for an invite.

## License

Copyright (C) 2014–2017 Teagan Widmer and contributors

This program is free software; you can redistribute and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
